Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining me.
Well, I have some things I want to say real quick about what we prayed about in our live stream six days ago, or whatever it was.
You'll look at the timestamp.
I told you all the Lord said what's happening in China is about to happen in America with weather warfare.
It's going to pour down rain in an area, and there will be massive flooding in a matter of minutes, just like it was in China.
And I warned you all about that.
My son made a short on it trying to warn you about what's coming.
And I said wind gusts with major hurricanes are coming.
Super storms, as they try to gain and control storms, they will lose control.
They will escalate this thing, and it will get out of control.
And this is what's happening.
You see massive flooding like, what is it, 16 inches?
One graph said 12, one said 16 inches in 4 hours.
That's a lot of rain.
And that's when the Lord showed me there'll be places of snowstorms in the days ahead in the winter, that there'll be so much snow in an area people will have to dig themselves out of their houses because there's so much snow that falls in such a short amount of time.
It will look like something that is biblical.
Boom!
Snowstorms as tall as their houses in a matter of—just like that is what I saw in the spirit, and it happened, and people were digging themselves out, and they were buried in snow in certain cities, and it never happened before.
I don't know what that kind of average house is—what is that, six feet or more, so eight feet of snow if you're digging yourself out of your house.
I mean, that's a lot of snow.
So, another thing the Lord showed us yesterday was Donald Trump trying to create peace around the world with de-escalating wars.
And I saw Canada in a great financial deficit.
I saw a great depression.
Mark was trying to tell everybody everything was okay, but the situation in Canada was dark concerning finances.
And I saw him trying to make trade deals with Europe, trade deals with Asia, trade deals trying to save the economy of Canada.
And every single sector of Canada was different.
Some were worse than others.
I believe the Toronto area was not as bad as what Alberta was.
So we see—I was seeing things in the spirit, and the Lord was warning me there's major economic disaster coming.
And I saw him making alliances with Emmanuel Macron, the prime minister of Germany, the king of England.
These major alliances were being made by war.
I saw the Pope involved in this, and the Lord showed me major things, major shifting, and they were trying to, because Trump was—he was on the outs in the vision.
He was sitting in the Oval Office, and they were trying to devise a plan of how to support Zelensky without the United States.
And they weren't able to really think of how can we do this because of the superpower being out of this.
How do we keep funding and doing this without the United States of America?
And I could see Trump turning his back on these men, and he was looking over his shoulder at them like, 'Are you paying attention that I'm not paying attention to you?
' Like, you know, like you're ignoring somebody.
He was looking over his shoulder, but he had a scowl on his face.
Like he was snarky, like, 'I'm turning my back on you,' because they weren't doing what he wanted them to do.
And that was to de-escalate war.
He wants peace.
He was saying, you know...
And that's when I saw, if you go back several more videos, I saw the Berlin Wall.
I saw the Berlin Wall, and I saw it was in Germany, and I saw half of Trump's face and I saw half of Ronald Reagan's face.
And I heard, 'Bring down that wall, that iron curtain of communism, of things like that.
' And it was like a type and shadow as Trump was operating in this presidency of a Ronald Reagan.
And that's when I was seeing Cold War.
I was seeing the darkness of Cuba.
And the Lord said, 'Pay attention to Cuba.
' He keeps bringing up Cuba over and over and over and over again.
Even in this last video, I saw Cuba, and it was highlighted again, but it was completely dark.
And the Lord said, 'Pay attention to Cuba.
There's much darkness here.
' So, we see the prophetic words are starting to be just like the Lord told us they'd be.
The birthing pains are back-to-back-to-back-to-back-to-back.
It's happening right in front of us.
Major disasters, major warnings.
And then Paul Begley made a video, Pastor Paul Begley on his channel—it's PaulBegleyProphecy.
com, I believe, on YouTube—and they talked about a major asteroid.
This is like a planet.
And if you go back several more videos, if my son maybe can put this in there, he'll show you where it is, of where I told you all, 'I see a dark object.
It looks like a planet.
There's something coming.
I don't know what this is.
I believe it's Planet X.
I believe there's something.
' But it looked like a dark object, but it didn't have any light on it, but it looked like a rocky terrain is what it looked like in this vision.
It was gray.
It was a dark gray.
But this thing was ginormous, and it was moving this direction.
And I was like, 'What am I seeing?
' I mean, you know, when I'm praying in the spirit, you all, and I'm seeing this stuff, I'm trying to decipher: is this an asteroid that's about to...
because I keep telling you, fearful sights.
I want you to remember the words 'fearful sights you will see that will bring you to your knees.
' The heavens are going to be shaken in the days ahead.
Major signs in the heavens.
The Lord said five major things were about to take place: a shaking in the earth, a shaking in the economy, a shaking in politics, a shaking in the heavens, and a shaking in the church.
Many people are going to start to go home.
The older generals are going to start to go home.
So, we just lost a major voice, a 90-year-old general just went home, Jimmy Swaggart.
And the Lord said, 'These generals are going to start to go home.
' And he said, 'Brandon, nobody lives forever, but you'll see a transition of the elders to the young people.
And I'm raising up new voices.
For the elders are getting tired, Brandon, and I'm raising up new young legs.
Run.
Take my gospel, for you are the closers.
You are my closers.
Take this gospel to this generation, this last generation.
Bring it home.
' He's warning us.
'I'm raising up...
It's all hands on deck, ladies and gentlemen.
' That's what the Lord was saying.
But the other part was, 'You are now going to enter a phase that you're going to start to see things in the heavens.
Fearful sights you will see that will bring them to their knees.
' And I said, 'What does that mean?
' They're going to be humbled and pray, 'for men's hearts will fail them for fear, looking after those things that are coming upon the earth, for the powers of the heavens shall be shaken.
' So I go back to the video.
Paul Begley says NASA just released this thing saying that there's a major planet-looking asteroid that's headed between Mars and Earth, and it's huge.
Now, will we be able to see this October 31st of this year?
It's moving that fast.
October 31st of this year, it's going to come in between us, and we're going to be—I don't know if we'll see it or not.
But what is it carrying behind it?
Usually, there's other debris.
There's other things.
When a massive object is moving that big and it's coming, it carries stragglers.
So, what other little things?
Because if this thing is huge, like, I don't know, like 80 miles wide or bigger...
Okay, that's a massive rock.
Moving this direction.
So, what else is coming beside it and moving along with it?
Those are the things that I'm curious about because the Lord said to us we're going to start to see things, but not only would we see it, but there would be things that come into the Earth's atmosphere and hit the earth.
He's warned me.
I've even told you I've seen a massive rock hit by Miami.
And when it happened, it flooded inland, a massive tsunami wave.
It covered the islands.
It was a major devastation of an event.
And I thought, "Is this tribulation that I'm looking to?
" because some of the visions that the Lord gives me when I'm praying, I know are in the tribulation.
They're not all for right now.
Some of them I'm looking into another time frame because I've been to the tribulation.
The Lord took me there.
He took me out of my body.
I'm telling you, it lasted all night long.
It was the most amazing experience probably I've ever had in my life.
I mean, it was life-changing.
I can tell you everything is so real to me still today.
I see it like it was there 10 years ago.
July the 6th of 2014, I had this visitation, which is today.
Today's the 6th.
As I make this video, I saw Japan being split down the middle.
I saw it was so bad that it looked like this: it was glowing with red fire.
I don't understand what that was about, but the fire was coming up through the crack of where it was split.
It looked like magma coming up through it.
And as it was being split, that lava was coming up and I could see Japan was in two pieces.
And it was a pretty big, substantial crack.
Now, you know, a little crack in your house, you see it in the wall.
This was major.
I would say probably a 10-miles-across crack or more.
It was major.
It looked like a major thing.
That's just me speculating now.
So if it comes out and it's 2 miles, so you've missed it was only two miles.
I saw a crack.
Same with what I've seen about America.
If you divide Jerusalem, I saw a major splitting across America and it was divided into two pieces.
It was no longer one solid piece of landmass.
It was split and they had to build bridges.
It was a major eruption, fault line shift.
The same things I've seen about the earthquakes in the ocean warning you about, I saw shaking.
Remember I told you in the video yesterday, I saw one of those buoys that was going up and down, up and down.
And the Lord said, "This is activity underneath the surface of the ocean that's about to cause a major tsunami wave.
" And as I was seeing it, I was looking at Japan.
And this buoy with the red light on it, the waves were lifting it way up.
It was moving like a 100-foot move, you know, like moving in the water.
It wasn't like barely moving up and down.
I'm talking rocking up and down, and this wave was carrying this buoy up and down.
Now, I don't know where this was directly, but right after in that vision, I'm seeing Japan.
So, and I saw the buildings swing, skyscrapers swing, moving around.
One in particular—I want to say it was a bunch of them, but I saw one in particular and it was a white-colored-looking building with a lot of glass and it was moving back and forth.
If you go back whenever I saw retribution coming for the African-American people, the Lord showed me a baby.
He showed me a baby that was being birthed in America on the 4th of July.
And I thought, "Well, what in the world?
How, what is that all about, Lord?
" And I saw a baby that was—and I don't mean any disrespect to any baby that looks like this, but it wasn't as pretty.
The baby had one of those little—I'll show you a picture of what it looked like.
Now, that baby right there that you saw is like what the baby I saw in the vision with Israel, but it had a white banner with blue and it said "Israel" across it.
But its teeth were already in and they looked kind of crooked.
They looked like they were buck-looking teeth, you know, like sticking out of this baby's mouth.
And it already had teeth.
Now, I don't know any infants that have teeth, but this baby had teeth.
And it wasn't that pretty-looking, but it had one of those little curly cues on its head, and it was Israel.
It represented Israel.
Now, I'm just being real.
And it was kind of strange because I even told Braden after it was over, "That baby wasn't very cute-looking.
It was kind of funny-looking," you know, because it had teeth already and most babies don't.
But the baby that I saw over America looked like one of those little Gerber babies—the Gerber food—real chubby-looking cheeks, and it was a cute little baby snuggled up in a blue banner that said "USA".
Well, I said, "Lord, what is that, that you are talking about, a new birthing of America on the 4th of July?
What was that?
" because the 4th of July passed.
He said, "Brandon, what was signed on the 4th of July?
The big beautiful bill.
" That was the timeframe of the birthing of a new industrial revolution, a birthing of a new age.
Do you see what happened?
A major $4.
5 trillion budget bill was signed into play for a wealth transfer—a new industrial revolution, a new thing with crypto.
And then they say, "We're going to do this again on the—we're going to pass more bills on the 14th of July and we're going to do this.
" And then Ripple comes out and says, "Hey, we're going to be—we're applying for a bank.
We're going to want to be a bank.
" All this is stemming off of this new BBB.
All this is stemming off of it.
"We're going to make crypto great.
We're going to do all this stuff.
" And, "Lord, it is amazing.
" So, as he signed it on the 4th of July, the baby was born anew, and people are upset about it.
But I'm telling you all, I saw a financial shift going clear into the fall.
A major—and people going, "Well, this is...
" I told you the dollar has to die.
The beast system will rise.
The end times are right at the door.
And many people are not looking.
They have their head in the sand.
They have their head—they were looking down at the ground and they were so busy and so preoccupied at work, their 8-to-5 Monday through Friday, that they lost track of what was ahead of them, and it's Jesus is coming.
Jesus is coming.
And the Lord told me, he said, "Brandon, they don't know.
They're so busy trying to pay their car payment, trying to pay their mortgage, trying to get their kids through college, that they see something on social media they get upset about, they look up for a minute, and then they go back into it.
" And I saw them, you know, they mouth off a little bit on social media, they type away, keyboard warriors, and then they go back into this, but they don't ever try to act out against it.
They just say a couple of things, venting on Facebook or whatever, and they just go back into their little rut, and they don't realize the seriousness of the hour.
They don't realize the seriousness of the hour, where we truly are in the end times.
Many people don't realize.
And he said, "Brandon, I'm going to shake America.
I'm going to shake the nations.
And there is going to be a major revival.
A major shaking to awaken is coming.
It's to get everybody's attention.
" They don't realize that the floods are coming, just like it was with Noah, as in the days of Noah.
Do you know what I'm talking about?
The rains are coming.
Not really—this time it's going to be fire.
But he said it's a type and shadow.
What I'm trying to warn you is: are you on the boat?
Are you on the boat?
As we see the water rising.
I told everybody they're in a pot and the water's rising and the temperature is rising, and people don't even realize that they're being cooked, with the thermometer and all the things that they're saying.
I saw people trying to build their kingdoms.
I saw major preachers with finances, with the wall really thick, and they were building their own kingdom.
They were building their legacy, trying to establish a legacy for their children's children's children with ministry and doing these things.
And the Lord said, "Brandon, they're off track.
There are many wolves in sheep's clothing right now.
They're not warning what's happening and what's on my heart.
" They're speaking to the itching ears with honey on their lips because they don't want to lose their popularity, but there's no urgency coming from them.
They're not telling everybody that they need to repent and come to Jesus because they're running out of time.
And he said, "They're building up these walls.
" And I saw their walls.
I saw the finances.
I saw what they were trying to establish, holding everything together with all they had so that they could maintain the status quo.
They don't want to lose their notoriety by saying something that will shake everybody out of it.
You know, "Well, that's a little controversial.
" I'll be as controversial as the Holy Spirit tells me to be.
If all this disappears tomorrow, I'll just go back to selling even stronger on eBay and Poshmark, or Facebook Marketplace.
It's what I've done.
Everything I've ever done, I've always depended on God.
When you don't have much of an education like me—I have a GED and I barely got that, do you understand?
—and when you come from nothing and you work as hard as I have, you just always depend on the Father anyway.
And that's just the way I've done it.
So, I don't have anything to lose.
If it all goes, this was a fun ride.
But I'm going to speak as loud as I can what he tells me to tell you.
And he told me to tell you it's time to repent and come back to Jesus.
It's time to repent and come back to Jesus, as you see these days approaching and they're getting darker and darker every single day.
And the church should be getting lighter and lighter.
This is the time that we rise and shine, for the light has come and the glory of the Lord has risen upon us.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is the time that we stand in that place of receiving, with our nets out ready to catch the harvest.
The fish are coming in by the millions; they're about to come in by the millions.
Do you have a big enough net?
Is your church prepared for what's about to take place?
If you're going to wait until it happens, you're already too late.
You must prepare for the harvest before the harvest is ripe.
And the harvest is ripe.
It's already time.
The wheat is bending over.
Do you understand?
Jesus was standing there and walking, and he said, "Who will help me?
The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
" And he said, "Brandon, it's time to bring in the harvest.
We're already behind schedule.
If you are just now getting ready, we should know the news before it happens.
We're the news.
We're warning what's coming.
Accuracy is important in these last days," the Lord told me, "because people are watching.
" And he said, "I'm about to do something major in Hollywood.
I'm about to do something major in Hollywood with major celebrities.
A great deception is coming.
Many big celebrities are about to say, 'I know Jesus and everything's good with me.
' And many Christians will follow and go, 'Oh, yeah, they're awesome.
' But they'll preach a universal gospel.
They'll preach a universal gospel: 'Oh, there's more than one way to get to the Father other than Jesus Christ.
You know, there's a bunch of ways to heaven,' and that is a false doctrine.
There is only one way to the Father, and that is the Lord Jesus Christ.
There is only one way.
Jesus is the way to the Father.
" I saw Zelensky being a puppet, and he was a marionette.
And he was moving around.
He was moving his hand.
He was doing exactly what NATO was telling him to do.
And he looked like Pinocchio.
His nose was growing, which means he's a liar.
And his hands were moving like this, and he was Pinocchio.
He had red shorts on and a little white-looking top that looked like Pinocchio, and his nose was growing as he was moving.
And he was doing exactly, and the one who was moving him was Macron.
And Macron had him and he was moving him around like this.
And Macron was the main one, and the others, each one was moving his arms and his legs as he was dancing around in Ukraine.
And I saw Putin and he said, "We want all of it," lying, saying, "We'll come to the table for peace.
" But back behind, he has cards: "I just got to buy time until Trump's out of office and I'm coming after this.
I want all of it because I'm going to outlast him.
" That's what he's saying.
I could hear them laughing, laughing at Trump.
"He thinks he's telling us what to do.
He's a fool.
We're going to outsmart him.
" They were laughing at Trump.
"We laugh at you, Trump.
" They were laughing at him because they were devising a plan and waiting, biding their time.
They're like, "You're not even going to be here after a couple of years.
We're going to be ruling over the U.
S.
" And I saw Kim Jong-un in this.
I saw China in this.
I saw all these major superpowers that don't have an election every four years.
They are able to dominate and say, "Listen, say what you want to, do what you want to, but we want that and we want Poland, too.
" And I saw them taking back land and being more...
I saw an escalation of war and I heard, "War, war.
" And I saw Canada and these people creating war for the economy because the euro was in trouble and they were trying to create war to stimulate money.
Then I saw that the Lord said he was upset about all the innocent blood that was being shed in Ukraine.
And the Lord was saying, "They wouldn't send their sons.
" As they're trying to escalate war, they wouldn't send their sons, these puppet masters, these people that are doing this wouldn't send their sons and their loved ones into battle.
And he was upset about it as these young men are dying by the tens of thousands, and the 30,000 North Koreans that are going over there are going to die.
And the Lord said this is what he's upset about.
He said, "There is no need for this war.
" That's what he said.
"It's all about material gain.
They're doing it for money.
" And then I saw lights in the Vatican.
I saw windows with lights that looked like candles in the Vatican, and I didn't know what all that was, and I thought that was kind of interesting, too.
But that was all.
I mean, I know that was a big recap, but I just felt it was necessary today.
So, we pray over what the Lord has told us, and we're going to see if there's anything new today that he wants to show us.
And I pray, like I said, I pray this blesses you.
"Father, you were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon you, and with your stripes, Lord, we are healed.
" And we lift up this body right now in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Father, that you died, you rose again, you suffered for every single one of us, and we're healed in the name of Jesus.
And we receive it.
Father, I plead the blood of Jesus over every single one of us right now.
And we make much of the blood.
And we thank you, Lord.
We apply the blood of Jesus over us today, this morning.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we are covered by the blood.
We thank you, Lord.
We plead the blood over our finances, over our houses, over our children, over my wife, our husbands, whoever you have.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that the blood covers our family, and we thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against us will prosper.
We apply the blood of Jesus.
And we thank you Lord that we are washed in the blood father and all our sins are forgiven in Jesus name.
We take this father in Jesus' name.
Lord, thank you Lord.
Thank you, Father, for the prophetic utterance.
Thank you for being a watchman on the wall that we see and hear what's coming.
We're not ensnared by any satanic or demonic force.
We follow after you, Father, with all our heart, mind, soul, and strength.
We follow after you.
And we thank you, Father.
We thank you, Father, for the blood.
We thank you, Father, for the glory.
We thank you, Father, for the outpouring of the spirit like we've never seen before in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Lord.
I know there's a lot of people who have needs.
There's a lot going on right now in a lot of people's lives.
But first off, I want to say thank you, Father, for protecting America.
There was no major attack on the Fourth of July.
There was no major attack, Father, on our nation, no major terrorist attack.
There was nothing.
You provided protection for us.
And Lord, you are so good.
Thank you, Lord, that nothing happened in the Macy's parade or fireworks show or whatever happened.
There was no major event of terrorist activity.
You protected the nation's capital.
Again, you protected Dallas.
You protected Fort Worth.
You protected Houston, and all around Denver.
You said to pray over San Francisco.
You said to pray over Father, we interceded over Seattle.
We thank you, Lord, that you protected these areas, for protecting our nation, for protecting us.
Father, you're so good to us, Lord.
Thank you, Father.
We worship you, Father.
We give you praise and glory and honor for all that you've done and all that you're yet to do.
Lord, we thank you, Father.
We thank you for our president.
We thank you, Lord, for our vice president.
We thank you, Lord, for all the things, for the financial wealth transfer.
We believe, Father, that there's major days ahead for financial wealth to transfer from the wealth of the sinner laid up for the righteous, Father, that we're always in the right place at the right time doing exactly what you've called us to do.
We apply the blood of Jesus over our everything, Father, that we're always staying vertical.
We're always staying looking at you and not looking horizontal at what's going on around us.
We trust you, Father.
We magnify you, Father, and we thank you, Lord, for you are good and your mercy endures forever.
I sing praises to your name, oh Lord.
Praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised.
For your name is great and greatly to be praised.
I sing praises to your name, oh Lord.
Praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised.
Lord, we praise you, Father.
Fill our cup, Lord.
We lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, fill it up, and make me whole.
Fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup.
Fill it up and make me whole.
Great change is coming.
It's like he said, you've entered into the point of no return of the birthing process.
I'm seeing great change coming.
Everything that you know right now is about to change.
You say, "What does that mean?
" I'm talking about a spiritual atmosphere.
There's an atmosphere that's about to change.
It's like a paradigm shift, a metamorphosis.
A caterpillar in a cocoon that's about to be birthed into a beautiful butterfly.
What we see around us and the spiritual atmosphere, it's changing.
We've never seen what we're about to see.
We've never seen or experienced atmospheres like we're about to experience where the glory comes in so heavy that people can't even get up out of their chair.
A shifting is taking place.
I'm telling you, fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup.
Fill it up and make me whole.
Fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup.
I lift it up and make me whole.
Father, we worship you today.
Have your own way, Lord.
Have your own way.
You are the potter.
I am the clay.
Have your own way, Lord.
Have your own way.
You are the potter.
We are the clay.
Mold me and make me.
Have your own way, Lord.
Have your own way.
Change us, Father, is what I pray.
Mold me and make me.
Mold us and make us, Lord.
You are the potter.
You are the potter, Lord.
Oh God, we thank you, Lord, that we stay on that potter's wheel and we don't get off.
We go from glory to glory.
He's changing us from glory to glory.
He's changing me, changing me, changing me.
His likeness and image to perfect in me.
The love of God shown to the world.
For he's changing.
He's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies.
His likeness and image to perfect in me.
The love of God shown to the world from glory to glory.
He's changing me, changing me, changing me, his likeness and image to perfect in me.
The love of God shown to the world.
For he's changing.
He's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies, his likeness and image to perfect in me.
The love of God shown to the world.
Glory to glory.
From glory to glory, he's changing me.
I like that.
He's such a wonderful God.
Changing me, changing me, His likeness and image to perfect in me.
The love of God shown to the world.
For he's changing.
He's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies.
Oh, progress they're going to make in the days ahead.
You're going to see them manipulate DNA.
DNA on animals.
I see prehistoric animals coming back.
A woolly mammoth is going to come back soon.
I want you to hear me.
I see a woolly mammoth coming back soon, major-looking dinosaurs.
They're going to try to find DNA like they do in Jurassic Park.
But I see a woolly mammoth, a clone, a hybrid woolly mammoth in a zoo for attraction, playing around with nature that has been extinct—a hairy-looking elephant.
What is that all about?
This is China.
A sabertooth tiger.
I see how they find the DNA.
There's something here where they're trying to cross it.
I know they've done this with dogs, but you're about to see this on a greater scale than what you've ever dreamed you could see.
Bringing back endangered and extinct animals, extinct species, bringing them back.
They're not in pure form.
They're playing around with things they shouldn't be playing around with.
This is genetically splicing DNA and doing things in labs.
I see dark things in these labs playing with super weird human-looking things, like really weird super—these look like human beings but they don't have—the Lord said they don't have a soul.
They're splicing animal and human beings.
They're playing around with the DNA of animals and humans.
What in the world am I seeing right now?
Father, he said, "You're going to see things you never dreamed you would see with AI technology.
" Do you hear me?
With AI.
He said, "You're going to see things you never dreamed you would see in the days ahead with AI technology, splicing human beings and creating things prehistoric, doing things.
" And these things are like human-looking forms, almost like a gorilla, but with white skin.
It looks like the pigment of this thing is white, and it is not hairy.
What in the world is that?
It is harvesting organs for hearts.
Harvesting organs—it is a market.
This is dark.
They are harvesting organs, trying to make things.
There is no soul to it, if you know what I am trying to say.
This is dark: hearts, livers, kidneys, parts.
They are creating things in labs for longevity, parts that don't wear out as fast for a longer life.
Does that make sense?
They are playing around with nature through AI technology and demonic things.
It's dark.
Superhumans is what I am hearing in the word.
How would that give you a longer life?
Your body still wears down.
Lord, what am I seeing, Father?
That is weird and dark, Father.
I hear them trying to find the fountain of youth through genetic modification.
But seedtime and harvest never cease.
There is a time to plant, a time to reap, a time to live, and a time to die.
He just said that is the law, and they are trying to overthrow the law of seedtime and harvest, of living and dying, trying to create superhumans—what I have never designed.
Stepping in with the laws of nature and creating this is demonic.
This is a stench to His nose, and there are demonic spirits behind this.
They are possessed.
This is like a demonic apparatus.
You see the eyes of these creatures, and there is no soul.
It is dark, like incubation in an embryonic sac, like the embryonic sac with the fluid.
I see the fluid, and it has a light in there like a heater.
It is a glowing little light, about this big, and there are bubbles making the embryonic fluid move around.
It even has an umbilical cord-looking thing, and they have long-looking legs.
They are splicing genetics with animals that live a long time, taking things that live a long time.
This is very gross.
I see it so clearly.
There are labs.
This isn't just China.
I cannot say the other place I see right now.
I am in the lab; I see it.
I can tell you where this place is located, but I am not permitted to say.
The lights are not yellow; they are white.
It's a race between the two.
There is even another place.
I see CERN right now.
I see the hadron collider.
But there is more than one CERN.
I see another one being created, another hadron collider.
This one looks bigger than the one in Europe.
This is in China, trying to open the door to find new dimensions.
There is going to be an accident.
It is like trying to create a black hole, stronger than any kind of nuclear energy you can comprehend—an energy that never dies.
I don't know how to put a word to it.
It's not physics.
It looks like a black hole.
There are all these little lights around it, but in the center, it is completely black and it's breathing.
This hole is moving as if it is alive, and it is a dimension, a portal.
That's what the Holy Spirit is saying.
It's a portal, Brandon.
They are trying to create portals.
They are genetically modifying food on an even greater scale.
The Lord said this is not even really considered food; what they are doing to it, they are messing with it so much.
It looks like some kind of bean—some kind of soy substance that they are messing with to bring protein into it as an alternative source.
This AI, they are taking things and doing things.
Now I'm seeing hospitals and the medical field again.
It's a race, like a space race.
Remember this, it's a space race, but an industrial revolution.
Who's going to be the top person with this?
Where does the money come from?
It's all out of greed.
Splicing humans, splicing animals, playing with AI, doing things to become the world leader in AI.
Who is the world leader in AI?
I see capital A, lowercase i.
Who is the leader of this new industrial revolution?
America was the first one, and they are trying to make this AI.
China wants to be the next one because they are trying to harness AI.
Then I see AI in Europe, but America is trying to...
and I cannot go any further into that.
The Lord said He wants to go in a different direction now.
I see these underground cities again.
I see an underground city in China.
They are arks.
The Lord said that is an ark, they are calling it an ark, like Noah's ark.
They know something is coming, and they are not allowing the public to know about it around the world because it would cause mass chaos.
Many don't realize how truly bad tribulation will be.
He is painting the picture of the stench that is coming up before Him with what they are doing with scientific, demonic stuff.
They are trying to change the human race.
They are trying to change the human race, making things like Nephilim, the fallen angels, how they bred with women and created giants.
He said they are changing things, as in the days of Noah.
They are trying to change what I created perfect, which was man in My image.
They are trying to change My image.
This is Satan's doing, and he is splicing it to change human DNA, trying to make humans into something that is not Me.
They are trying to make a superhuman by splicing to make them live longer—fountain of youth, demonic stuff, creating these demonic cyborg humans.
And He says they are playing with fire.
'I am God, and I made you perfect in My image.
' They are taking AI in laboratories and trying to modify human DNA.
They are playing with fire.
The cup of sin is full, and there is a race to see who can perfect it.
It is like the Tower of Babel with AI.
Nothing can stand in our way.
I hear them: "Nothing can stand in our way anymore.
" We can do anything with this—with AI, we can do anything with this.
We can create the fountain of youth.
I hear them bragging.
We can create things with the Hadron collider.
We can create dimensions.
We can create superfoods.
We can create—I saw, you know, it like an ark.
We can create a new genetic modification of human life with our mind and with what we can make, making it better than what was, out of arrogance and pride.
They play with this in their laboratories, splicing DNA and computers.
I see them taking little droppers, and they're taking things, and they're making things.
They're creating, and they're putting it together, and they're trying to create human life and sustain it without a woman—making it like what the Lord said, like Captain America.
You know when they did that in the movie, and they put all that stuff on him, and he got really big and muscly, playing around with stuff.
Does that make sense?
What the Lord is showing me, I see this.
I'm trying to paint a picture for the people who are watching right now of what they're doing.
And the Lord said, "This is what they're doing.
" And they've been doing this for several years, but it has exploded.
And He said, "And you want to know why this is coming so quickly?
We're running out of time.
" Ladies and gentlemen, man's knowledge is getting out of control with this stuff, and it's exploding.
Knowledge is increasing, but they're doing demonic, dark things with it.
We're out of time.
The Lord says they're trying to take what was pure and perfect and make it into something that is not human anymore—a new species, a new everything.
It's dark.
That's why I'm telling you, it's judged by fire.
There's so much here.
How does a tortoise, one of those big turtles, live so long?
And they're trying to figure out how to splice that DNA with humans somehow to make them live longer—hearts, organs, replenishing, trying to create superhumans to live longer.
They're calling it the fountain of youth.
I don't know if it's a shot.
I don't know if it's organ transplants.
I don't know this part yet, but I'm telling you, this is dark.
And that's when the Lord said, "There's a time to live, and there's a time to die; there's a time to plant, and there's a time to reap.
" I see a starfish right now.
How does a starfish grow back its legs, trying to figure out how to grow back things?
I see a starfish right now and a worm.
I just saw it went from a starfish to a worm to the thing, and it's scientific, taking it, and this is dark—trying to use AI to mess with things.
Super strength.
I see a great big gorilla.
Super strength, because a gorilla is a very strong, massive animal.
Because its DNA is closest to a human.
He's saying, "Do you hear that?
" Because it's like they're trying, I don't know—you know what I'm saying?
I don't want to say that because it sounds ignorant to me, but it's like they're trying to compare a gorilla to a human, using super strength—like making super-strong people, super soldiers, super-strong people able to jump, climb, you know.
I thank You, Father.
I thank You for what You reveal.
I thank You, Father, that You show me that which is to come.
We worship You, Father.
You're so good to us.
Thank You, Father.
Thank You, Lord.
We warn the people.
Lord, I thank You for how good You've been to us, and You show us what's coming and what these people are trying to do.
They're very evil, Father.
And Father, I understand why tribulation is bad.
I get it.
They're trying to mess with what You said was perfect.
We're made in Your image, and You're perfect.
We get it.
Father, there's nothing a man can do to splice it with an animal to try to make it live longer.
Father, I thank You, Father, that I'm fearfully and wonderfully made in Your image.
Lord, we thank You, Father, like they tried to mess up the DNA with women and angels, making superhumans, trying to make Goliaths in the earth.
And You flooded the earth and You destroyed it.
You just flooded it and destroyed it because of what they did.
Father, I thank You.
Sin was full.
And Lord, as in the days of Noah, they're trying to mess with the DNA again, creating strange humans.
You're trying to warn what's coming.
Lord, we love You.
We always will glorify You, and we'll bring in this harvest.
We'll bring in the harvest.
Oh God, we love You.
He said, "You're running out of time.
Man's knowledge is increasing, and it's darker and darker.
You're running out of time.
" You see it?
But they're splicing things.
They're doing things.
And they're determined, like it was with the Tower of Babel.
Reprobate minds.
He said, "I just showed you another glimpse of something that you have never known.
" It's dark.
Do you see?
And He was showing—we've seen about the finances, we see about the stuff about the portals, things they're doing.
He has warned us.
But this is something even darker.
Father, He said, "Pray over the families, and then you're dismissed from this prayer period.
" Father, we pray over the families in Texas, for the people who lost their lives.
For the families that are grieving, we lift them up before You.
We lift them up before You.
And we thank You, Father.
We thank You, Lord, that You're bringing comfort to the grieving.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that though they were dead, yet shall they live; that there'll be a supernatural touch on these little girls and they'll get up from that grave, they'll get up from that deathbed.
We thank You, Lord, that they'll all be found and that not any of them will be lost.
Everybody will be found and accounted for in the name of Jesus.
And we thank You for supernatural protection—supernatural protection right now in Jesus' name.
Supernatural protection, Father, over every person, if they're hanging, if they're in a tree, if they're in harm's way: angelic visitation and manifestation right now in the name of Jesus.
Right now in the name of Jesus, we call forth protection over every single one that's still alive.
We thank You, Lord, that they'd be found in Jesus' name.
And Father, I thank You that this demonic engineering of weather modification and weather warfare, like You told us was coming, this is just the beginning.
For I've seen great hurricanes trying to come up this year—superstorms coming up to the Gulf, coming up through the Atlantic, coming up these areas—superstorms, winds, and snowstorms, and things like we've never seen before.
Thank You, Father, that we can pray and we call peace in the storm, just like Jesus.
For as He is, so are we in this world.
And we can call peace to the storms and the rain.
Thank You, Father, that we draw closer and closer to You and further from this world, that we are in Your hands.
We are seated at Your throne, doing exactly what we're supposed to be doing at all times.
We plead the blood of Jesus over us.
And as we see these evil days approaching, Father, I thank You, the glory of the Lord is rising in us.
Rising, Father!
Arise, shine, for the light has come, and the glory of the Lord is risen upon us.
We praise You, Father.
Healing over our bodies, that You made us, fearfully and wonderfully made.
We worship You, Father.
Oh, thank You, Father.
We give You praise, Father, for what You're doing in us.
We thank You, Lord, for Your greater work.
Thank You, Lord, that we'll do greater works in the name of Jesus.
Father, we lay hands on the sick and they will recover.
We cast out devils.
Freely we've been given, and freely we give it out.
For You are good, and Your mercy endures forever.
For you are good and your mercy endures forever.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, that we put a kink in the enemy's plans to create these genetically modified people.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, do you not see they want depopulation so they can live longer with less of you?
' Do you see they want to—I see the rat again—creating a supervirus to wipe out the people and then let the other people live a long time, sterilizing like I told you.
You see, remember the youth, the young people not being able to create, because it was the 20 and 30-year-olds?
I saw them not being able to make children.
But it's like the ultra-rich want to live longer and live like kings with these arks, trying to escape the people, going in their bunkers, living away while they exterminate, and when they come back out they are like, 'Hey, we can live a long time.
' It's just sick.
Their mind is so warped, just pride and arrogance, and just the way they are.
Thank God for the glory.
I heard, 'Thank God for the glory.
' Thank God for the glory, you all.
Thank God for the glory.
No matter what they try to do, God's got a plan.
He's not going to let all that happen.
Do you hear what He's saying?
The glorious church rise.
The glorious church puts a kink in all this twisted stuff.
The things I'm trying to tell you are what they're doing behind closed doors.
But the Lord is saying, 'You have a harvest to do.
This is why tribulation is coming.
' Do you understand, ladies and gentlemen?
This is why tribulation and the judgment is coming—all these things I'm telling you they're doing behind closed doors.
But God's bringing in a harvest and a cleansing of things.
And the world's about to be judged by fire.
The tribulation's about to begin, and it's going to be bad days.
You people don't realize how bad it's going to be because of what they're trying to do in rebellion.
The cup of sin is full.
But God's bringing in a harvest.
He's bringing in this last harvest, this last push.
And I'm telling you, seven years of really hard times, three and a half years of really, really hard times.
But I'm telling you, it's going to be hell on earth, which people don't realize.
And it will have to be shortened because nobody would survive it.
There are going to be some bad things happen.
When you start doing this, and start splicing human DNA and doing these things, trying to create superhumans—all these things—I'm telling you, from what I just saw, I understand why He's a little ticked off.
Not a little ticked off, He is really ticked off.
But I'm just saying, it makes you go, 'My goodness.
' Things they say they can't do.
But God, I'm telling you, the glory of the Lord, the glory of the Lord.
It's not just about getting the chip in your hand and changing you.
It's so much more they're trying to do, because the devil wants to defile the human temple because we're created in the image of God.
As a mockery, he despises that we're created in His image and we look like Him.
Do you understand?
So, in that, he tries to distort what God made perfect, saying, 'You're made in my image, you're my child.
' And he's like, 'We'll just tinker and mess it all up with the Nephilim, fallen angels, and giants.
' Now, 'I'm going to mess it up with AI, as in the days of Noah.
I'm going to mess it all up, and I'm going to smear.
' He is rebellious.
He hates our Father.
And I'm telling you, his days are numbered, and he's going to burn in hell for eternity.
Glory to God.
His days are numbered, ladies and gentlemen.
But we're going to bring in the harvest for the Father, and we're going to bring it in quickly.
And I'm telling you, the return of our Savior—He is coming.
Glory to God.
Well, I appreciate you joining me today.
I know that was probably a little different, but that's what He had.
He wanted to warn you about what's coming and how they're trying to mess up things.
But folks, we ain't worried about all that.
Glory to God.
God has a plan for every single one of us.
I know that was dark—it was dark for me—but a little different.
But that's what the Holy Ghost had to say today.
And I thank Him, Father, that He'd visit us and show us more of what these people are doing.
Well, thank you for joining me.
We'll be back soon.
We're going to do another video with you.
We'll pray; we'll do more prayer.
I want you to like, subscribe, and click the notification bell.
Thank you for your support; we truly appreciate it.
As our ministry grows and all the things that are happening with our lives, and we see God's hand in all of it, we just want to say thank you.
Thank you for liking, subscribing, clicking the notification, and saying something nice down below.
Remember, we love you, we pray for you, and we want to thank you for joining us each and every time you come to pray with us.
Diana says hello.
She's answering emails.
If you haven't received your Bible yet, please be patient with us.
Diana is working hard to get the Bibles out through Amazon.
If you live in another country, it's very hard.
We cannot send Bibles out to places like Africa and England and everything else.
We're trying to reach the American audience because that's where our Amazon accounts and stuff are right now.
But we just want to tell you we're praying for you, we love you, and we'll see you again soon.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you all, and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.